c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Form1.resources
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Registro.resources
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.exe
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.pdb
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\MiLibreria.dll
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\bin\Debug\MiLibreria.pdb
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Menu.resources
c:\users\whiteclaw\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuTriangulo.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuCuadrado.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuRectangulo.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuRombo.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuRomboide.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuTrapecio.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuTrapezoide.resources
C:\Users\Whiteclaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Login\Login\obj\Debug\Login.MenuPoliReg.resources
